README.md, before:

# Project

> This repo has been populated by an initial template to help get you started. Please
> make sure to update the content to build a great experience for community-building.

As the maintainer of this project, please make a few updates:

- Improving this README.MD file to provide a great experience
- Updating SUPPORT.MD with content about this project's support experience
- Understanding the security reporting process in SECURITY.MD
- Remove this section from the README

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft 
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow 
[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.

Commit message:

Uploading carnival files to this new repo
After we merge these, I'll make the tag for the repo

README.md, after:




> Open this page at [https://kiki-lee.github.io/carnival/](https://kiki-lee.github.io/carnival/)

## Use as Extension

This repository can be added as an **extension** in MakeCode Arcade. Use it to add extra blocks for enhanced timers, game over options, and ball tossing physics.

* open [https://arcade.makecode.com/](https://arcade.makecode.com/)
* click on **New Project**
* click on **Extensions** under the gearwheel menu
* search for **https://github.com/kiki-lee/carnival** and import

## Edit this project ![Build status badge](https://github.com/kiki-lee/carnival/workflows/MakeCode/badge.svg)

To edit this repository in MakeCode.

* open [https://arcade.makecode.com/](https://arcade.makecode.com/)
* click on **Import** then click on **Import URL**
* paste **https://github.com/kiki-lee/carnival** and click import

## Blocks preview

This image shows the blocks code from the last commit in master.
This image may take a few minutes to refresh.

![A rendered view of the blocks](https://github.com/kiki-lee/carnival/raw/master/.github/makecode/blocks.png)

#### Metadata (used for search, rendering)

* for PXT/arcade
<script src="https://makecode.com/gh-pages-embed.js"></script><script>makeCodeRender("{{ site.makecode.home_url }}", "{{ site.github.owner_name }}/{{ site.github.repository_name }}");</script>
